# Code Review Workflow

## Developer
1. Write as small atomic code changes as you can for feature.
2. Use `npm run lint:fix` and `npm run stylelint:fix` for auto-formatting.
3. Resolve any errors that still present.
4. Push code into own remote brunch.
5. Go to Upsource and find branch there.
6. Open the branch and create branch review (not review for commmit).
7. Review code by yourself.
8. Change code if need.
9. Add reviewers to CR.
10. Describe the problem that this code solve (use CR's comments).
11. Change code if need (with High severity at first). Discuss changes you that we don't really need as you think. Don't mark any discussion as resolved, it's reviewer's work. If you need to mark changes that you already perform, use comments.
12. Push changes into repo. Wait for next review round.
13. Until reviewers does not accept your review, perform step 11 and 12.
14. Merge feature-branch into main branch (develop usually).
15. Remove feature-branch.
16. Close the review.

## Reviewer
1. Review the code.
2. Don't write many similar comments. Write it once and say that this problem exists in other files.
3. Focus on issues with High severity first and then to Medium severity and then Low severity issues.
4. Add label to every comment that have priority more or less then medium (can add only after create comment).
5. After you discussed some comment and got any decision write decision into comment's thread.
6. If need not any more changes for some code or need not any changes at all, mark comment as resolved.

## Severity
- Naming Conventions and Coding style = Low
- Control Structures and Logical issues = Medium or High
- Redundant Code = High
- Performance Issues = High
- Security Issues = High
- Scalability Issues = High
- Functional Issues = High
- Error Handling = High
- Reusability = Medium